# Update File

## Objective
This use case explores mechanisms for changinging the state of an actuator and identifies conditions
where the OpenC2 Update File command is an appropriate abstraction for a mechanism.

## Background
In the context of a device or application, changing state in a persistent manner requires updating
some data that resides in persistent storage.  Updates can be characterized as:
1. **incremental** - individual data items are changed step-by-step, such as typing characters in a text editor,
changing an individual registry key, modifying a single firewall rule
2. **batch** - a collection of data is changed as a unit, such as applying a patch to a file, copying or saving
a file, setting multiple registry keys as a unit, changing a firewall ruleset as a unit

"File" commonly refers to an entry in a general-purpose filesystem, but at a more abstract level it is simply a
data container with associated metadata that is treated as a unit. At a minimum a file must have a name by which
it is referenced; a file in a filesystem has other metadata such as access/creation/modification dates, permissions,
operating system attributes, etc.  

Definitions:
* **Update** - an act of bringing something or someone up to date, or an updated version of something.
* **File** - a collection of data that is referenced as a unit and that has a name or other identifier.

## Scenario
The OpenC2 "Update File* command applies when:
1. There is something to bring up to date, something that has a a current state and an updated state
2. That something is an identified collection of information, i.e., a file.
3. The act of updating is a single batch action, not a series of incremental changes.

In the context of an AWS Stateless Packet Filter network ACL:
* The "Update File" command would apply where the actuator has a current named ACL and that ACL is
changed based on the content of an update (patch) file.
* The "Update File" command would not apply where the actuator has a current named ACL and that ACL is replaced
by a different named ACL, or that ACL is changed incrementally with a series of commands affecting individual rules.
