# Huntington Ingalls Goals & Objectives

Table of Contents
- [1-Introduction](#1-introduction)
- [2-Goals & Objectives](#2-goals-objectives)
   -  [2.1-OpenC2 Virtual Plugfest/Hackathon Goals & Objectives](2.1-openc2-virtual-plugfest-hackathon-goals-objectives)
   - [2.2-NTIA SBOM Exchange PoC Goals & Objectives](2.2-ntia-sbom-exchange-poc-goals-objectives)
   - [2.3-IACD Goals & Objectives](2.3-iacd-goals-objectives)
   - [2.4-CACAO Goals & Objectives](2.4-cacao-goals-objectives)
   - [2.5-Open Cybersecurity Alliance Goals & Objectives](2.5-open-cybersecurity-alliance-goals-objectives)
   - [2.6-Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) 2.0 Goals & Objectives](2.6-security-content-automation-protocol-(scap)-2.0-goals-objectives )
- [3-HII Contributions to PoC](3-hii-contributions-to-poc)
- [4-HII Testing Matrix for Goals and Objectives](4-hii-testing-matrix-for-goals-and-objectives)

## 1-Introduction

Huntington Ingalls Industries Technical Solutions Division (HII-TSD) provides Cyber Support Services to various customers. 

## 2-Goals & Objectives

### 2.1-OpenC2 Virtual Plugfest/Hackathon Goals & Objectives

A series of virtual plugfest use cases to demonstrate interoperability showcasing the OpenC2 language.  These use cases will demonstrate the capability of the OpenC2 Integration Framework (OIF) to send OpenC2 commands and receive OpenC2 responses using the HTTPS, MQTT and HTTP transport mechanisms.  OIF will use JSON schemas generated by the JSON Abstract Data Notation (JADN) Schema Generator. The OIF will demonstrate the following interworking capabilities: 

1. OIF Orchestrator interworks to a Single External Plugfest Actuator.

    1a. Specific External Plugfest Actuator Blinky HaHa to receive OpenC2 commands from OIF using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism.
    
    1b. Specific External Plugfest Actuator Blinky MaHa to receive OpenC2 commands from OIF using the MQTT transport mechanism.

2. OIF Orchestrator interworks to Multiple External Plugfest Actuators.

3. OIF Orchestrator interworks to a Single Yuuki Actuator.

    3a. OIF Orchestrator interworks to Multiple Yuuki Actuators.

4. OIF Orchestrator interworks to a Single OIF Actuators.

    4a. OIF Orchestrator interworks to Multiple OIF Actuators.

5. OIF Orchestrator commanding multiple OIF Devices in a virtual networking setup on one machine.

    5a. OIF Orchestrator commanding multiple OIF Devices in a physical networking setup on multiple machines.

    5b. OIF Orchestrator commanding our Blinky Light Board and a Blinky MaHa using the MQTT transport mechanism in a physical networking setup within HII.
    
    5c. OIF Orchestrator commanding our Blinky Light Board and a Blinky HaHa using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism in a physical networking setup within HII.

6. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from Blinky HaHa using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism.

    6a. OIF retrieves SBOM from Blinky MaHa using the MQTT transport mechanism.

7. OIF sends OpenC2 command to Blinky HaHa using a Raspberry Pi Zero card using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism.

    7a. OIF sends OpenC2 command to Blinky HaHa using a Raspberry Pi 4 card using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism.
    
    7b. OIF sends OpenC2 command to Blinky MaHa Using a Raspberry Pi Zero card using the MQTT transport mechanism.

    7c. OIF sends OpenC2 command to Blinky MaHa Using a Raspberry Pi 4 card using the MQTT transport mechanism.

8. OIF Orchestrator commanding multiple OIF Devices in a virtual networking setup on one machine.

    8a. OIF Orchestrator commanding multiple OIF Devices in a physical networking setup on multiple machines.

9. OIF Orchestrator commanding a Blinky HaHa on LAN network over the Internet using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism.

    9a. OIF Orchestrator commanding a Blinky MaHa on LAN network over the Internet using the MQTT transport mechanism.

10. Implementation of a compact, binary serialization *(e.g., CBOR, Protobuf)". 

11.  The OIF orchestrator will implement the use of Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) to express SWID information in CoSWID tags to define an OIF device. 

12.  The OIF orchestrator will implement the use of primary CoSWID tags to identify and describe an installed software component on an OIF device.

13.  The OIF orchestrator will implement the use of patch CoSWID tags to identify and describe an installed software patch on an OIF device.

14.  The OIF orchestrator will implement the use of corpus CoSWID tags to identify and describe an installed software component in its pre-installation state on an OIF device.

15.  The OIF orchestrator will implement the use of supplemental CoSWID tags to record metedata about a software component on an OIF device without modifying CoSWID primary or patch tags.


### 2.2-NTIA SBOM Exchange PoC Goals & Objectives

1. Demonstrate the concept of SBOM exchange using OpenC2 with HTTP, HTTPS transport mechanisms when the Blinky HaHa device has SBOM resident within device and device has an OpenC2 interface.

2. Demonstrate the concept of SBOM exchange using OpenC2 with MQTT transport mechanisms when the Blinky MaHa device has SBOM resident within device and device has an OpenC2 interface.

3. Using both "good" and "vulnerable" SBOMs, show the value of the SBOM by using the OIF orchestrator
to 'connect' the 'good' Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) while "fixing" or "sandboxing" the vulnerable OpenC2 devices with the vulnerable SBOM.



### 2.3-IACD Goals & Objectives

Integrated Adaptive Cyber Defense (IACD) is a strategy and framework to adopt an vendor-agnostic, extensible, adaptive, commercial off-the-shelf (COTS)-based approach to cybersecurity operations. IACD's goal is to dramatically change the timeline and effectiveness of cyber defense via integration, automation, orchestration and sharing of machine-readable cyber threat information.  

Many of the OpenC2 goals are consistent with IACD goals.  The IACD has technical communities which work together for the development of Protection Profiles for Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR) Applications.  There is an OpenC2 Actuator Profile subcommittee that is creating and maintaining actuator profiles which define the OpenC2 message elements applicable to specific cyber defense functions.  

1.  OpenC2 actuator profiles will be created to perform specific cyber defense functions.
2.  OpenC2 actuator profiles will be exercised to perform specific cyber defense functions.
3.  OpenC2 actuator profiles will be created for the OIF to collect information from a OpenC2 consumer and return that information in an OpenC2 response in the  Software Package Data Exchange® (SPDX®) standard.

The Software Package Data Exchange® (SPDX®) standard is an open standard for communicating software bill of material information, including components, licenses, 
copyrights, and security references. SPDX reduces redundant work by providing a common format for companies and communities to share important data, thereby streamlining and improving compliance. 

4.    OpenC2 actuator profiles will be created for the OIF to collect information from a OpenC2 consumer and return that information in an OpenC2 response in the CycloneDX format.                                             

CycloneDX is a lightweight software bill-of-material (SBOM) specification designed for use in application security contexts and supply chain component analysis. 

### 2.4-CACAO Goals & Objectives

Collaborative Automated Course of Action Operations (CACAO) is a specification for implementing course-of-action playbooks for cybersecurity operations. Ideally CACAO would be used for the security policy driving the decision making in the automated response to the SBOM as part of the PoC. Goals for CACAO would include:

1. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from Blinky HaHa and the OIF orchestrator simulates the automated execution of a course of action consisting of a sequence of OpenC2 commands based on the content of the retrieved SBOM. 
2. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from Blinky MaHa and the OIF orchestrator simulates the automated execution of a course of action consisting of a sequence of OpenC2 commands based on the content of the retrieved SBOM.


### 2.5-Open Cybersecurity Alliance Goals & Objectives

The Open Cybersecurity Alliance (OCA) Project is comprised of global like-minded cybersecurity vendors, end users, thought leaders and individuals who are interested in fostering an open cybersecurity ecosystem, where products from all vendors and software publishers can freely exchange information, insights, analytics, and orchestrated response, via commonly developed code and tooling, using mutually agreed upon technologies, data standards, and procedures.  The Open Cybersecurity Alliance (OCA) is an open cybersecurity ecosystem for vendor-agnostic interworking and data sharing using open standards like STIX and OpenC2.  The OCA project will make use of the OpenC2 standard to communicate with endpoint devices for automated remediation activities. 

1. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from endpoint device called Blinky HaHa provided by OCA Sponsor SFractal Consulting LLC.  The OIF orchestrator exercises a remedial sequence of OpenC2 commands based on the content of the retrieved SBOM. 
2. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from endpoint device called Blinky MaHa provided by OCA Sponsor SFractal Consulting LLC. The OIF orchestrator exercises a remedial sequence of OpenC2 commands based on the content of the retrieved SBOM.
3. OIF retrieves Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from an endpoint device provided by another OCA sponsor.  The OIF orchestrator exercises sequence of OpenC2 commands based on the content of the retrieved SBOM. 

### 2.6- Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) 2.0 Goals & Objectives

Develop OpenC2 actuator profiles to support interactions within the SCAPv2 Data Collection Architecture. The architecture has two main use cases:

Use Case #1   Point-in-time Information Collection

1.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to collect information from an OpenC2 consumer about an enterprise asset using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms.   

2.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to collect information from an OpenC2 consumer about an enterprise asset using the MQTT transport mechanism.  

3.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to collect information from an OpenC2 consumer about an enterprise asset using the OpenDXL transport mechanism.  

4.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive information about an enterprise asset in a report contained 
within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms.  

5.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive information about an enterprise asset in a report contained 
within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format using the MQTT transport mechanism.  

6.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive information about an enterprise asset in a report contained 
within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format using the OpenDXL transport mechanism.  

 

Use Case #2  Ongoing Monitoring Against a Baseline

7.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor changes in information coming from an OpenC2 consumer about changes to an enterprise asset using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms.   

8.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor changes in information coming from an OpenC2 consumer about changes to an enterprise asset using the MQTT transport mechanism.   

9.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor changes in information coming from an OpenC2 consumer about changes to an enterprise asset using the OpenDXL transport mechanism.   

10.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor enterprise assets for changes in the collected information summarized 
in a report contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP 
or HTTPS transport mechanisms to perform periodic monitoring and to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

11.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor enterprise assets for changes in the collected information summarized 
in a report contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to perform periodic monitoring and to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report. 

12.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to monitor enterprise assets for changes in the collected information summarized 
in a report contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to perform periodic monitoring and to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report. 

13.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall use a subscription management algorithm implemented using a publish/subscribe mechanism to ensure that summary reports containing changes of enterprise information received from OpenC2 consumers are delivered to appropriate parties.

14.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall monitor OpenC2 consumers and their connections to enterprise assets for liveness.

15.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall monitor OpenC2 consumers and their connections to enterprise assets for component failure. 

16.  The OpenC2 schemas developed for the SCAP 2.0 actuator profiles shall be extensible to accommodate new capabilities and asset types.

17.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall store enterprise asset reports in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format for long-term tracking of asset information to support forensic and historical analysis.  

18.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall send different assessment instructions to OpenC2 consumers based on enterprise asset type using the HTTP 
or HTTPS transport mechanisms.

19.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall send different assessment instructions to OpenC2 consumers based on enterprise asset type using the MQTT transport mechanism.

20.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall send different assessment instructions to OpenC2 consumers based on enterprise asset type using the OpenDXL transport mechanism.

21.  The OIF SCAP actuator profile shall receive an Open C2 response from an OpenC2 consumer designating an unknown asset type when an assessment instruction cannot be mapped to an enterprise asset type.  


Use Case #3   Ensuring that Products are Properly Patched 

22.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints having installed software products that are missing one or more patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

23.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints having installed software products that are missing one or more patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

24.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints having installed software products that are missing one or more patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report. 

25.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine that all prerequisite patches are installed before installing any new patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

26.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine that all prerequisite patches are installed before installing any new patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

27.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine that all prerequisite patches are installed before installing any new patches.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report. 
 
28.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine if a missing patch has been superseded by a newer patch.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

29.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine if a missing patch has been superseded by a newer patch.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report.  

30.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to receive a report about endpoints to determine if a missing patch has been superseded by a newer patch.  This report will be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to return an OpenC2 response containing a summary report. 


Use Case #4   Identifying Vulnerable Endpoints
 

31.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify vulnerable endpoints by performing automated correlation of information published by vulnerability information sources to an inventory report about an endpoint.  The endpoint inventory report shall be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to publish a summary report about the endpoint vulnerabilities.  

32.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify vulnerable endpoints by performing automated correlation of information published by vulnerability information sources to an inventory report about an endpoint.  The endpoint inventory report shall be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to publish a summary report about the endpoint vulnerabilities.  

33.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify vulnerable endpoints by performing automated correlation of information published by vulnerability information sources to an inventory report about an endpoint.  The endpoint inventory report shall be contained within an OpenC2 response in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to publish a summary report about the endpoint vulnerabilities.  



Use Case #5   Preventing Installation of Unauthorized or Corrupted Software 


34.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to update an endpoint with software and patches.  The integrity of the updates shall be verified by using corpus tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to perform installation of authorized software updates.  

35.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to update an endpoint with software and patches.  The integrity of the updates shall be verified by using corpus tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanisms to perform installation of authorized software updates.  

36.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to update an endpoint with software and patches.  The integrity of the updates shall be verified by using corpus tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanisms to perform installation of authorized software updates.  


Use Case #6   Preventing the Execution of Corrupted Software

37.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify potential tampering or unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  The integrity of the endpoint software baseline shall be verified by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to detect unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  

38.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify potential tampering or unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  The integrity of the endpoint software baseline shall be verified by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to detect unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  

39.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to identify potential tampering or unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  The integrity of the endpoint software baseline shall be verified by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to detect unauthorized changes to an endpoint.  

40.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to prevent execution of files on an endpoint that have been infected by malware or otherwise modified without authorization.  The identification of the infected files shall be performed by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to prevent execution of infected files on an endpoint.  

41.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to prevent execution of files on an endpoint that have been infected by malware or otherwise modified without authorization.  The identification of the infected files shall be performed by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to prevent execution of infected files on an endpoint.   

42.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to prevent execution of files on an endpoint that have been infected by malware or otherwise modified without authorization.  The identification of the infected files shall be performed by using primary and supplemental tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to prevent execution of infected files on an endpoint.  

Use Case #7   Preventing Vulnerable Devices from Accessing Network Resources

43.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to deny the connection of devices that represent a potential threat. The verification of the device’s compliance with configuration policies shall be performed by using SWID tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanisms to prevent vulnerable devices from accessing network resources.  

44.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to deny the connection of devices that represent a potential threat. The verification of the device’s compliance with configuration policies shall be performed by using SWID tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the MQTT transport mechanism to prevent vulnerable devices from accessing network resources.  

45.  An OpenC2 SCAP actuator profile will be created for the OIF to deny the connection of devices that represent a potential threat. The verification of the device’s compliance with configuration policies shall be performed by using SWID tags in the (ISO/IEC)19770-2:2015 Software Identification (SWID) Tag standard format.  The OIF will use the OpenDXL transport mechanism to prevent vulnerable devices from accessing network resources.  


## 3-HII Contributions to PoC

1. OIF orchestrator and OIF actuators provided to other virtual plugfest participants as test devices for interworking using OpenC2.

2. OIF interworking with Blinky HaHa using the HTTP or HTTPS transport mechanism and Blinky MaHa using the MQTT transport mechanism with SBOMs with scenarios - one-hop, complete, and various 'vulnerable' SBOMs to drive different behaviour by OIF orchestrator.

3.  Providing schemas generated by the schema generator to virtual plugfest participants to enable them to interwork with other virtual plugfest participants.

4.  Yuuki actuators provided to other virtual plugfest participants as test devices for interworking using OpenC2.


## 4-HII Testing Matrix for Goals & Objectives

Goals and Objectives    |  Single Goal Test Status | Integration Testing with Multiple Goals Status | System Level Testing   | Acceptance Testing Status  |


|OpenC2 Virtual Plugfest/

Hackathon Goals &

Objectives

|-----------------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

Goal 1 -----------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 1b               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 4                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 4a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 5                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 5a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 5b               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 5c               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 6                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 6a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 7                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 7a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 7b               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 7c               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 8                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 8a               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 9                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 10               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 11               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 12               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 13               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 14               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 15               |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |


| NTIA SBOM Exchange PoC
Goals & Objectives      |--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |



| IACD Goals & 
Objectives              |--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 4                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |


| CACAO Goals & 
Objectives              |--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |


| Open Cybersecurity 
Alliance Goals & 
Objectives              |--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                |                        |                                    |


| Security Content 
Automation Protocol 
(SCAP) 2.0 Goals & 
Objectives              |--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|------------------------------------|   

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    | 

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 4                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 5                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 6                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 7                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 8                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 9                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 10               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 11               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 12               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 13               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 14               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 15               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 16               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 17               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 18               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 19               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 20               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 21               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 22               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 23               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 24               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 25               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 26               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 27               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 28               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 29               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 30               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 31               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 32               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 33               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 34               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 35               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 36               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 37               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 38               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 39               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 40               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 41               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 42               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 43               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 44               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 45               |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |


| HII Contributions
to PoC                  |--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|------------------------------------|

| Goal 1                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 2                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 3                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

| Goal 4                |                          |                                                 |                       |                                    |

|   |   |   |   |   |

|   |   |   |   |   |

|   |   |   |   |   |

|   |   |   |   |   |

|   |   |   |   |   |


|   |   |   |   |   |
