# Microgrids

Microgrids are a type of OT whose purpose is to provide local power to a system, facility, or base. New microgrids may autonomously match the supply of and demand for electric power in real time. Many microgrids incorporate some level of internal power storage. A microgrid may incorporate complex controls for managing unique set of distributed energy resources such as solar or wind. A good cyber-defense profile for microgrids should be common to all microgrids while allowing for diversity of technology within any particular microgrid.

Part of developing the OpenC2 profile for Microgrids will be discovering the separable OpenC2 cyber-defense services.  An autonomous microgrid that interacts with other microgrids may support an actuator profile for that. A microgrid may support a profile for situational awareness of operational risks to power-dependent systems. An actuator profile for power storage may be broken out of the overall microgrid profile, enabling technology agnostic commands to prepare for a widespread threat to power availability (“Charge Up all Storage!”) as well to be ready to provide extra power to another microgrid to support a fast-developing operational need. This last service may be one of several profiles on a microgrid, but the sole profile on a power storage system (battery).

Microgrid deployments, especially of autonomous microgrids, are poised for accelerated deployment across DoD facilities. Deployed Microgrids are foundational to other services on bases. Microgrid functionality is tied to many key vulnerabilities of expeditionary or mobile basing. The required profiles should be a priority so that the cyber-defense of these new assets can be managed within a common operational and training framework with other cyber command and control functions.
