# Webserver Base Use Case
This is the base case from which several other use cases will start as an initial condition.
Hypothetical resources will be used for now, and oversimplified network addresses will be
used for ease in understanding. 
The intent will be to actually instantiate these use cases, at which point actual configuration
details will be provided.

put figure here

For this configuration, sFractal Consulting (hereafter refered to as sFractal) has previously 
setup 
(footnote - how is immaterial for this but will be covered in other use cases)
resources in a cloud
(footnote - which, and whether public or private, is immaterial for now)
as shown.

A virtual machine (VM1) runs a webserver application (WS1) 
that serves an API to authorized connections.
At present there is one user (User2) who has previously established a mutually-authorized 
connection with WS1.
(ie User2 and WS1 have mutually authenticated to each other.
User2 is authorized as a valid API client by WS1, 
and WS1 is authorized as a valid applicaton by User2).
The connection is https/tls over port 443 (User2->WS1) and port 44,302 (WS1->User2).

Serving the API to User2 is the main purpose of this configuration, 
but there are ancillary functions being performed as well.

VM3 is a virtual machine elsewhere in the cloud that runs application SO3.
SO3 is the application performing the Security Orchestration 
function for these sFractal resources.
For these use cases, SO3 will be a black box representing 
the security policy engine, the Decision Making
(footnote to glossary)
and all the ancilary functions needed to 
decide what OpenC2 commands need to be sent to the various components in this diagram
to affect changes in security posture.
SO3 has previously established a mutually-authorized connection with WS1.
The connection is https/tls over port 443 (SO3->WS1) and port 44,303 (WS1->SO3).

VM4 is a virtual machine elsewhere in the cloud that runs application LOG4.
LOG4 is the application performing logging which will be treated as a write-only
black box for these use cases (ie accessing the logs is immaterial to what is being
shown in these usecases).
LOG4 has previously established a mutually-authorized connection with WS1.
The connection is https/tls over port 443 (LOG4->WS1) and port 44,304 (WS1->LOG4).

FW5 is an SDN firewall between WS1 and the wild internet (including User2).
FW5 is a stateful firewall and has been previously configured to:
 * block all protocols other than TCP (protocol=6) inbound and outbound
 * block all incoming ports other than port 443 (footnote incoming as user2->ws1)
 * allow incoming port 443 to VM1 (ip=1.1.1.1) only (ie block for VM3, VM4).
 * block all outgoing ports other than 44,302
 * allow outgoing port 44,302 only to User2 (ip=2.2.2.2)
FW5 has previously established a mutually-authorized connection with SO3.
The connection is https/tls over port 443 (SO3->FW5) and port 44,305 (FW5->SO3).

