# Add Another User

## Objective
This is a particular instantiation of 
[01.another_user.md](./01.another_user.md).
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands 
involved in allowing another user access to a webserver (WS)1 API
when FW5 is AWS NACL.

## Initial Conditions

See [01.another_user.md](./01.another_user.md).

## Scenario

See [01.another_user.md](./01.another_user.md).
The particular part of interest is:

... The net result of all these usecases is an allow command is sent to FW5 ...

In this case, FW5 is AWS NACL which is a stateless packet filter. 
AWS has two cloud firewalls, the stateless NACL and stateful security groups. 
This use case will cover AWS NACL and a different 
one will show the security group.

## OpenC2 JSON Allow Command
The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "id": "0e0f9f68-0fcb-40ce-a03e-0ddd415fd1ff",
  "action": "allow",
  "target": {
    "ip_connection": {
      "ipv4_src": "6.6.6.6", 
      "ipv4_dst": "1.1.1.1", 
      "layer4_protocol": "TCP", 
      "dst_port": 443,
      "src_port": 44306
      }
    },
  "actuator": {
    "x_aws_lycan_beam": {
      "aws_account_id" : "123445689", 
      "aws_region" : "us-east-1",
      "aws_vpc_id": "vpc-123"
      }
    },
  "args": {
    "x_aws_nacl_id": "acl-123",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_requested": "Ack"
    }
}
```

This command does have an actuator and it includes the 
specifiers needed to address it.
This particular actuator is a custom extension to the SLPF actuator profile.
(see later section on custom actuator profile)

## Response
Since the communications channel is over an https connection,
the https response code is 200/OK.
The data returned is JSON:
```
{
    "response_code" : "Command Accepted",
    "id": "0e0f9f68-0fcb-40ce-a03e-0ddd415fd1ff",
}
```
## Bawnl Custom Actuator Profile
The use case uses a 'lycan' (a transformer) to convert the OpenC2 commands
into the AWS API for the NACL.
AWS sees the lycan (e.g. bawnl) as just another user of the API.
The OpenC2 producer (e.g. SO3, the security orchestrator) sees the lycan
(e.g. bawnl) 
as an actuator with a Custom Actuator Profile (CAP).

The particular lycan used is bawnl and it's CAP is at
[bawnl](../../../openc2-cap/bawnl.cap.md).

Bawnl can be queried for it's profile, it's schema, 
and the current list of NACL's.
This is shown in a companion usecase
(put link here).

## Definition of Done:
  * User6 has established connection to WS1

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
  * As FK1 (or as SO3), I want to send an OpenC2 command to tell FW5 to allow src_ip=6.6.6.6 port 44306 to dst_ip=1.1.1.1 port 443 so that User6 can establish a connection to WS1
