# Custom Actuator Profile (CAP)

## Objective
This is an adjunct use case to 
[01.aws.nacl.another_user.md](./01.aws.nacl.another_user.md).
In that use case, the OpenC2 commands
were sent to an actuator with a Custom Actuator Profile (CAP).
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands 
involved in allowing 
the actuator to be queried about it's CAP, it's schema,
and in this particular example,
the NACL list before and after the 01.aws.nacl.another_user.md
use case.

## Initial Conditions

See 
[01.aws.nacl.another_user.md](./01.aws.nacl.another_user.md).

## Scenario


See 
[01.aws.nacl.another_user.md](./01.aws.nacl.another_user.md).
That use case uses a 'lycan' (a transformer) to convert the OpenC2 commands
into the AWS API for the NACL.
AWS sees the lycan (e.g. bawnl) as just another user of the API.
The OpenC2 producer (e.g. SO3, the security orchestrator) sees the lycan
(e.g. bawnl) 
as an actuator with a Custom Actuator Profile (CAP).

The particular lycan used is bawnl and it's custom CAP is at
[bawnl](../../../openc2-cap/bawnl.cap.md).

This use case shows the threads for
quering the profile, the schema, and the NACL list
of the bawnl actuator.

## OpenC2 JSON Command to query profile
One of the capabilities of bawnl, as with all actuators,
is to be able to query it's profile.
The nature of bawnl is that it has a separate server for each instance
and only handles the bawnl profile. 
For example a separate server is set up
to handle security groups.

The following OpenC2 command could be sent to query the profile:
The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "id": "0d30e0f2-0778-4023-b013-06d76c2e67d7",
  "action": "query",
  "target": {
    "openc2": {
      "profile": ""
      }
    },
  "actuator": {
    "x_aws_lycan_beam": {
      "aws_account_id" : "123445689", 
      "aws_region" : "us-east-1"
      }
    }
}
```

This command does have an actuator and it includes the 
specifiers needed to address it.

## Response
Since the communications channel is over an https connection,
the https response code is 200/OK.
The data returned is JSON:
```
{
    "response_code" : "Command Accepted",
    "id": "0e0f9f68-0fcb-40ce-a03e-0ddd415fd1ff",
add more stuff here
}
```
## OpenC2 JSON Command to query schema of the CAP
The command JSON data is:


```json
{
  "id": "0d30e0f2-0778-4023-b013-06d76c2e67d7",
  "action": "query",
  "target": {
    "openc2": {
      "schema": ""
      }
    },
  "actuator": {
    "x_aws_lycan_beam": {
      "aws_account_id" : "123445689", 
      "aws_region" : "us-east-1"
      }
    }
}
```

This command does have an actuator and it includes the 
specifiers needed to address it.
This particular actuator is a custom extension to the SLPF actuator profile.

## Response
Since the communications channel is over an https connection,
the https response code is 200/OK.
The data returned is JSON:
```
{
    "response_code" : "Command Accepted",
    "id": "0e0f9f68-0fcb-40ce-a03e-0ddd415fd1ff",
add more stuff here
}
```
## Bawnl NACL list Before/After Queries
As can be seen in the previous profile responce,
bawnl can be queried for what rules are active with a command such as:

The response early in the use case 
(ie before sending the allow command above)
might be:

fill in
 
The response after sending the allow command above might be:

fillin

## Definition of Done:
  * Security administrator has information needed to audit configuration

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
  * As security adminstrator using SO3, I want to send OpenC2 commands 
to audit the configuration of FW5:
      * profile
      * schema
      * NACL list
