# No Response Stop Process Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved in a 
mass delete-process event
in Duncan's (and many other people's) IoT

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.

## Scenario

The ISP detects the beginings of a massive DDoS attack upon (doesn't matter)
by a zillion home webcams.
Unlike the Mirai botnet and it's massive DDoS attack on Dyn DNS service,
this attack is detected pre-attack by the crack CSO team at the ISP.

The ISP determines it can clean up all the webcams who have subscribed to
the 'manage my IoT' service by killing a certain process on the webcam.
They have the authority to do this as part of the 'manage my IoT' service
and the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands has been pre-established as part of the monitoring done 
as part of the service.

Because the ISP is going to be sending this to millions of webcams,
and time/resources are 'of the essence'; the ISP sends the commands
with request_respone=none ie they don't want the devices to respond.
They will validate individual machines later in a structured after-action.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "delete",
  "target": { "process_id": 33357 },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_8675309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "none",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

It is not clear which action I should have used and I am open to change.
I think the choices are deny, stop, cancel, and delete.
Reading the actions descriptions, I think delete ("removes an entity")
was closest but arguments could be made for each of the others.
I think the actuator profile would determine.
I'm not sure though what actuator profile an IoT webcam would fit 
- probably a generic processor.

The process_id is determined outside the scope of this use case. 
Maybe it was done with OpenC2 commands. 
Maybe it was know apriori due to the nature of the malware.
Maybe it was determined using a different mechanism althogether.
This use case is to focus on the C2 to kill the process.

## Response
In this scenario, *"response_request": "none"* in the command means
that no response is sent from the webcam.

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * process was killed (hopefully - not guaranteed since on response sent)

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command so that the process is killed.

