# No Response Software Update Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved in a 
mass update software event
in Duncan's (and many other people's) IoT

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.

## Scenario

This occurs just after the events in 
[17.no_resp_procid.md](./17.no_resp_procid.md).

The ISP detected the beginings of a massive DDoS attack upon (doesn't matter)
by a zillion home webcams.
Unlike the Mirai botnet and it's massive DDoS attack on Dyn DNS service,
this attack is detected pre-attack by the crack CSO team at the ISP.

The ISP determines it can clean up all the webcams who have subscribed to
the 'manage my IoT' service by killing a certain process on the webcam,
which they do in the previous use case.

The webcam software had a vulnerability in it's software
and the manufacturer has created an emergency patch to fix
the vulnerability and prevent the attacker from re-taking over.
In this scenario the ISP has the authority to do this update
as part of the 'manage my IoT' service but an alternative 
scenario could be the manufacturer has the authority.
The OpenC2 commands would be the same.

The ISP has pre-established (as part of the monitoring)
the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands.

Because the ISP is going to be sending this to millions of webcams,
and time/resources are 'of the essence'; the ISP sends the commands
with request_respone=none ie they don't want the devices to respond.
They will validate individual machines later in a structured after-action.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "update",
  "target": { "software": {
               "vendor": "famousMaker",
               "name": "famousModel",
               "old_version": "1.2.3",
               "new_version": "2.3.4",
               "source": "https://updates.famousMaker.ce/ub_x64/patch_20180222_1234.cpp"
               }
            },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_9674309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "none",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

I am open to suggestion as to the target specifiers/options.

## Response
In this scenario, *"response_request": "none"* in the command means
that no response is sent from the webcam.

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * software was updated (hopefully - not guaranteed since on response sent)

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command to very numerous, widely dispersed IoT devices so that the software is updated
