# Normal Software Update Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved 
when updating the software in a less crisis situation
than the previous use cases.

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.

## Scenario

Unlike the events in 
[17.no_resp_procid.md](./17.no_resp_procid.md) and
[18.no_resp_update_sw.md](./18.no_resp_update_sw.md),
in this scenario it is just the routing updating of new software
in the IoT webcam.
This use case is mainly shown as the alternative to 18 where many were
done at once in a crisis.

The ISP has pre-established (as part of the monitoring)
the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands.

Because it is not the crisis of the previous use cases,
the response=complete option is used. 
That may be the default for this actuator but it is being
sent explictly because the actuator profile is still being developed.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "update",
  "target": { "software": {
               "vendor": "famousMaker",
               "name": "famousModel",
               "old_version": "1.2.3",
               "new_version": "2.3.4",
               "source": "https://updates.famousMaker.ce/ub_x64/patch_20180222_1234.cpp"
               }
            },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_9674309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "complete",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

I am open to suggestion as to the target specifiers/options.

## Response
The https reponse would be 200 and the json returned would be:

```json
{
    "command_ref": "wc17_9674309",
    "results": "update successful",
}
```

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * software was updated 

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command so that the software is updated and I know it worked
