# Update Bad Domain Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved 
when adding another bad url to the web proxy

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.
The service includes updating the bad url list in my home web proxy.
In one house the web proxy is squid (see squid-cache.org)
with ufdbGuard (see https://www.urlfilterdb.com/);
and the other it is a custom
tinyproxy (see tinyproxy.org).
Since both have been modified to accept OpenC2 commands,
they accept the same json so it will only be shown once.

## Scenario

The crack CSO team at the ISP regularly discovers
new hacker techniques, many of which involve bad domains.
This use case is the updating of the url filters on the 
customer prem to block the bad domain.

The ISP has pre-established (as part of the monitoring)
the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands.

The response=complete option is used. 
That may be the default for this actuator but it is being
sent explictly because the actuator profile is still being developed.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "deny",
  "target": { "domain_name": "0123456789bad.evil.ru" },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_9674309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "complete",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

## Response
The https reponse would be 200 and the json returned would be:

```json
{
    "command_ref": "wc17_9674309",
    "results": "0123456789bad.evil.ru added",
}
```

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * url filter was updated 

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command so that the url filter is updated
