# Delete bad email
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved 
when deleting a bad email

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.
In this use case I have a private mail server.
It may be in my house or it may be in the cloud 
- the openc2 commands would be the same.
The service includes detecting spear phishing emails that are in my inbox.

## Scenario

The crack CSO team at the ISP regularly discovers
new hacker techniques for spear phishing.
Sometime the discovery occurs after the emails are sent
so they are already in the inbox.
This use case is deleting the bad email.

The ISP has pre-established (as part of the monitoring)
the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands.

The response=complete option is used. 
That may be the default for this actuator but it is being
sent explictly because the actuator profile is still being developed.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "delete",
  "target": { "email_message": "howDoIspecifyTheEmail?" },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_9674309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "complete",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

I'd appreciate suggestions on how to do email specifiers and options.

## Response
The https reponse would be 200 and the json returned would be:

```json
{
    "command_ref": "wc17_9674309",
    "results": "email deleted before harm done",
}
```

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * bad email was deleted

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command so that the bad email is deleted
