# No Response Stop Process Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved in a 
mass delete-file event
in Duncan's (and many other people's) IoT

## Initial Conditions

Initial condition is the configuration in [16.iot_basecase.md](./16.iot_basecase.md).
I have subscribed to my ISP's 'manage my IoT' service.

## Scenario

This is similar to [17.no_resp_procid.md](./17.no_resp_procid.md) but just 
a different mitigation technique 
(deleting a file instead of killing a process).

The ISP detects the beginings of a massive DDoS attack upon (doesn't matter)
by a zillion home webcams.
Unlike the Mirai botnet and it's massive DDoS attack on Dyn DNS service,
this attack is detected pre-attack by the crack CSO team at the ISP.

The ISP determines it can clean up all the webcams who have subscribed to
the 'manage my IoT' service by deleting a certain file on the webcam.
They have the authority to do this as part of the 'manage my IoT' service
and the necessary mutually authenticated command channel to send the 
OpenC2 commands has been pre-established as part of the monitoring done 
as part of the service.

Because the ISP is going to be sending this to millions of webcams,
and time/resources are 'of the essence'; the ISP sends the commands
with request_respone=none ie they don't want the devices to respond.
They will validate individual machines later in a structured after-action.

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "delete",
  "target": { "file": "evil.beam" },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "wc17_8675309",
    "start_time": "now",
    "response_request": "none",
    }
}
```

The command does not have an actuator because in this usecase 
the command routing, authentication, and authorization 
is over a pre-established dedicated HTTPS API 
with mutual authentication between the security manager and each webcam.

I'd welcome suggestion on how to do the target specifiers/options.
E.g. should 'evil.beam' - which is an erlang executable :-) -
be "filename" : "evil.beam"?

## Response
In this scenario, *"response_request": "none"* in the command means
that no response is sent from the webcam.

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * file was deleted (hopefully - not guaranteed since on response sent)

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security manager in the 'manage my IoT' service, I want to send an OpenC2 command so that the file is deleted.

