# Version Use Case
## Objective
This use case shows the OpenC2 commands involved in 
in requesting for the version of OpenC2

## Initial Conditions

An OpenC2 consumer 
(eg actuator like the pfSense firewall in the other sFractal usecases) 
has been updated to a new version of OpenC2,
in this case the update is to 3.2.1 
and is backwards compatible with the previous version 2.3.4.

## Scenario

The OpenC2 producer (eg a security orchestrator) is still a version behind. 
Since the OpenC2 consumer is backwards compatible,
the https api still works using the v2.3.4 in the api URL.

The OpenC2 producer upgrades to a new version of software.
The next step in the upgrade process is a script validates the version
of all the actuators 
(so it will know which can operate the new version of the API).

On the old version of the API (ie with v2.3.4 in the URL), 
the producer sends the json below requesting the OpenC2 version.
It gets the answer 3.2.1 and can then start using the API with 3.2.1 in the url

## OpenC2 JSON Command

The command JSON data is:

```json
{
  "action": "get",
  "target": { "version": "OpenC2" },
  "actuator": { "firewall": "HowDoIdoSpecifers?" },
  "options": {
    "command_id": "fw17_5675309",
    "response_request": "complete",
    }
}
```

The command has an actuator but I obviously don't 
know how target specifiers work.
Help appreciated.

## Response
In this scenario, *"response_request": "complete"* in the command means
that it wants a response.

```json
{
  "results": {"openc2_version": ["3.2.1", "2.3.4"] }
}
```

## Definition of Done:
 * command was sent 
 * version returned

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * As security orchestrator, I want to send an OpenC2 command and find out the OpenC2 versions accepted by the actuator

