# DoS Epic Use Case
## Objective
This is an 'epic', ie a collection of related stories. 
This page will give the big picture but the details will
be in the stories that will be referenced.
The epic is describing what happens when a DoS attack occurs.

## Initial Conditions

sFractal has a set of api servers that are sized based on demand
and the scaling up and down of those servers due to valid user demand
is outside the scope of this epic.
At the time of this epic (t0 is just prior to a DoS attack),
there is particular number and it is sufficient for the business load
at this time.

For illustrative purposes, 
sFractal has 6 api servers in 4 locations
in several regions of 2 clouds, 
but sFractal has accounts and infrastructure
in 4 more locations, including in a 3rd cloud.
They are distributed
as shown below:
| Cloud | Region | Site | #VM's |
| C1    | C1.R1  | C1.R1.S1 | 3 |
| C1    | C1.R1  | C1.R1.S2 | 1 |
| C1    | C1.R2  | C1.R2.S1 | 2 |
| C1    | C1.R2  | C1.R2.S2 | 0 |
| C2    | C2.R1  | C2.R1.S1 | 1 |
| C2    | C2.R2  | C2.R2.S1 | 0 |
| C3    | C3.R1  | C3.R1.S1 | 0 |
| C3    | C3.R2  | C3.R2.S1 | 0 |

Which server is used for a given transaction is determined
by DNS using a least-distance routing algorithm that rotates thru the servers
in the nearest location.

The security manager/orchestrator has a 
playbook based on a policy for dealing with
 an attack.
When the attack is first detected
(how is outside the scope of this epic),
the policy calls for:
 * doubling the number of api servers at each existing site
 * adding 1 api server at each of the 4 empty sites
 * changing the DNS least routing algorithm to one that rotates thru all the instantiated servers regardless of distance
 * adding scrubbers (what kind depends on the actual DoS attack) to each api server
 * adding additional detection software on each api server (details immaterial to this epic) ie while in 'heightened alert' while under attack, the system runs more detailed and comprehensive detection software with greater logging. This is turned off or turned down during peactime but scaled up when under attack
 * spinning up significantly more deception technologies

## Scenario

The attack playbook is initiated by the automated decision making software.
It may be based on indicators within this network
or it may even be 'expected' instead of 'detected'
ie a tip may come from someone else.
How is was detected is outside the scope of this epic.

The capacity is increased 
by invoking 25.create.vm (add link) to start 10 additional api servers:
 * 3 at C1.R1.S1
 * 1 at C1.R1.S2
 * 2 at C1.R2.S1
 * 1 at C1.R2.S2
 * 1 at C2.R1.S1
 * 1 at C3.R1.S1
 * 1 at C3.R2.S1

The DNS routing algorithm is changed by invoking (add use case).

Scrubbers are added by invoking (add use case).

Additional detection software is put on each api server by invoking (add use case).

Additional servers are spun up with deception technologies by invoking (add use case).


## Post Attack
need to put in scenarios for scaling back to peacetime, probably gradually leaving the detection and deception in place longer

## Definition of Done:
 * TBSL

## OpenC2 Stories:
> As {a role}, I want {feature} so that {reason}.
 * TBSL

